README.md, before:

# Easy Workout Tracker  
  
![Homepage of app](./public/images/fitnessScreenshot.PNG)

[Here is a link to the deployed App on Heroku](https://easy-fitness-tracker.herokuapp.com/?id=60ead717dc3d640015128395)

[Here is a link to the gitHub repo](https://github.com/brett-treweek/Easy-Workout-Tracker)  

![AUR license](https://img.shields.io/static/v1?label=License&message=MIT&color=blue)

## Description


---
## Table of Contents

- [Installation](#installation)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [License](#license)
- [Contributing](#contributing)
- [Tests](#tests)
- [Technologies](#technologies)
- [Future Development](#future-development)
- [Questions](#questions)

---
## Installation  
  
Please follow these steps to install the project and any dependancies locally.

```bash
install node.js
clone the repo from gitHub
npm install
npm run seed
```

---
## Usage

![dashboard](./public/images/dashboard.PNG)
The best way to try the app is on heroku.  

[Follow this link to easily use the app on Heroku.](https://easy-fitness-tracker.herokuapp.com/?id=60ead717dc3d640015128395)

Run the app locally with the following command.   

```bash
npm start
```
Then open your browser and navigate to:
```bash
localhost:3000
```


---
## License

This project is licensed under ![AUR license](https://img.shields.io/static/v1?label=License&message=MIT&color=blue)

---
## Contributing

Contributing to this project is not currently available.

---
## Tests

Please use these commands to perform tests.

```js

There are no tests at present.

```

---

## Technologies

- HTML
- CSS
- Javascript
- Node.js
- MongoDB Atlas
- mongoose
- Express
- morgan
- MVC
- Heroku
---
## Future Development
- Responsive Design
- Modern Accessability Implementation

---

## Questions

For any questions and support please contact Brett Treweek  
- Email: bretttrew@gmail.com  
- Github: [brett-treweek](https://github.com/brett-treweek)

Commit message:

finished readme, added error handling, added some comments to routes

README.md, after:

# Easy Workout Tracker  
  
![Homepage of app](./public/images/fitnessScreenshot.PNG)

[Here is a link to the deployed App on Heroku](https://easy-fitness-tracker.herokuapp.com/?id=60ead717dc3d640015128395)

[Here is a link to the gitHub repo](https://github.com/brett-treweek/Easy-Workout-Tracker)  

![AUR license](https://img.shields.io/static/v1?label=License&message=MIT&color=blue)

## Description
The Easy Workout Tracker is a Web App which allows users to view, create and track daily workouts, allowing them to reach their fitness goals more quickly.  

It uses HTML, CSS, JavaScript and Node.js. Express is used to handle routes in the backend and it connects to a MongoDB Atlas  cloud Database. Mongoose is used as the ORM and Model View Controller has been implemented for the apps' architectural structure.  

Users will see their last workout on the home page. They can then create new workouts and record various details including date, type, duration, weight, sets and reps. They can also continue a workout and are able to see a graphical representation of their progress in the dashboard.

---
## Table of Contents

- [Installation](#installation)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [License](#license)
- [Contributing](#contributing)
- [Tests](#tests)
- [Technologies](#technologies)
- [Future Development](#future-development)
- [Questions](#questions)

---
## Installation  
  
Please follow these steps to install the project and any dependancies locally.

```bash
install node.js
clone the repo from gitHub
npm install
npm run seed
```

---
## Usage

![dashboard](./public/images/dashboard.PNG)
The best way to try the app is on heroku.  

[Follow this link to easily use the app on Heroku.](https://easy-fitness-tracker.herokuapp.com/?id=60ead717dc3d640015128395)

Run the app locally with the following command.   

```bash
npm start
```
Then open your browser and navigate to:
```bash
localhost:3000
```


---
## License

This project is licensed under ![AUR license](https://img.shields.io/static/v1?label=License&message=MIT&color=blue)

---
## Contributing

Contributing to this project is not currently available.

---
## Tests

Please use these commands to perform tests.

```js

There are no tests at present.

```

---

## Technologies

- HTML
- CSS
- Javascript
- Node.js
- MongoDB Atlas
- mongoose
- Express
- morgan
- MVC
- Heroku
---
## Future Development
- Responsive Design
- Modern Accessability Implementation

---

## Questions

For any questions and support please contact Brett Treweek  
- Email: bretttrew@gmail.com  
- Github: [brett-treweek](https://github.com/brett-treweek)
